Births On This Day, October 25

1984 Katy Perry
American singer-songwriter, actress

1979 Rosa Mendes
Canadian wrestler

1970 Peter Aerts
Dutch kick boxer

1940 Bob Knight
American basketball player, coach

1881 Pablo Picasso
Spanish painter, sculptor

Events Happened in 25th October:

On this day in 1415, the English army, led by Henry V, scored a decisive victory over the French at the Battle of Agincourt during the Hundred Years' War, paving the way for further English conquests and successes.

The European Union institutes a law that prohibits the buying and selling of personal financial data, such as is commonly done in the United States for marketing purposes.

Irish actor Richard Harris—who was notable not only for his formidable talent in portraying the intense, volatile, and rebellious hell-raising characters that established his image but also for conducting his real life in a similar manner—died in London. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz about A-list actors© 1992 Warner Bros.

The U.S. military, under President Ronald Reagan, invaded the tiny island country of Grenada. Take our quiz about islandsMedioimages/Photodisc/Thinkstock

The British rock band the Rolling Stones made its first appearance on The Ed Sullivan Show. Test your knowledge of musical groups© David Redfern/Retna

The first domestic microwave ovens went on sale. How do microwave ovens work?

China entered the Korean War on the side of North Korea against South Korea and the United Nations (UN), the United States being the UN's principal participant. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz about Korea and ChinaEncyclopædia Britannica, Inc.

American military officer Benjamin O. Davis, Sr., became the first African American general in the U.S. Army when he was promoted to brigadier general. Test your knowledge of military historyU.S. Army

American collegiate basketball coach Bob Knight, whose 902 career NCAA coaching victories are among the most in men's basketball history, was born. How much do you know about basketball?© Micholas Moore/Shutterstock.com

Germany and Italy established the Rome-Berlin Axis. Sort fact from fiction in our quiz abut wartime GermanyPhotos.com/Thinkstock